In this video, we will be talking about the next three classes of this project.
So the first class is update customer.
So this class is defined inside the package cab booking system.
We have imported the necessary package whose methods and classes we will be using in this class.
So we have defined the update customer class which is extending the frame and initialize this connection
variable has not prepared a certain variable as not null and there is a panel content and there will
be ten text fields.
Inside the void method.
We have just defined the public void run method and inside which we have created the current instance
of the customer class with the null string and set the visibility as to.
After that.
What we are doing is we have created a parameterized constructor for the update customer which is throwing
the scale exception.
And after that we have set the bound for that frame and define the content panel and set that content
panel with the help of set content and set its layout as null.
After that, we have added an image, created an image with the help of class photo that gets the same
resource by passing the path of that class, by passing the pass of that image and adding that image
to our label.
And then we are setting the bound for that label and adding that label to our frame.
After that there is a label update, customer detail, setting its font, family type and size, adding
then we are setting its location and size and then adding that to our content pane.
Similarly, there is another label named as a username setting its bound size.
And location and adding that to our content pane.
Then we are creating a text field and setting its bound size location and adding that to our content
pane.
Then there is a label for the ID, setting its bounce size and adding that to our content pane.
Then there is a tax related to setting its bond size and adding that to our content bin.
After that, there is a label l two for the number setting its bound size and adding that to our content
pane.
After that, there is a text 53 setting its bound size and adding that to our content bin.
After that, there is a label.
For the name setting its bounce size and adding that to our content pane.
Then there's the T for text field.
Setting its bond size and letting that work.
And then we have another label.
As for the gender setting its bounds size and adding that to our content.
And then there is a text field setting the bound for the test field and adding that to our content pane.
Similarly, there is a label for the country setting the bound for the text field and in that work and
then pane.
Then there is a text field setting the bound location size for it and adding that to our content pane.
Then there is another label for the permanent address setting, bound location and size for it and adding
that to our content pane.
Then there is another text field at seven.
Setting down for it, adding that to our content pane.
And after that we have defined the label for the phone number setting bound for it and adding that to
our content pane.
Then there is a text field setting bound for it, adding that content pane, text field to our content.
And then there is a label deposit for which is named as a label deposit and its label is email, which
is used for the email setting.
It's bound, set, bound and location and size and adding that to our content pane.
After that there is a new text field we have defined setting bound for it and ending that work and then
pane after that there's a dry block inside which we have created the instance of our icon class and
we have executed the query select as to from customer where username will be equal to username.
That we have passed so far, that matching user name record, we are restoring the required details
in our respective text fields even from 1 to 39.
And after that, what we are doing is we are creating a button update and inside which we have defined
action performed method inside which we have created the instance of the connection class and inside
the trip log, we are storing the values inside our strings from our respective text fields and then.
We have created a query in a string Q update, customer set ID type and the respective details from
the strings on which we have installed the details of our text fields.
And then we will execute, update that query and display a dialog box as customer details updated successfully
and handle any exception if occurs.
After that, what we are doing is setting the bound for the buttons which will set its location and
size, adding foreground and background colour for that button.
Then there is a button exit which is a used.
For the back button and inside which inside it's excellent performance that we have defined its visibility
as false and setting the size or location for the buttons, background and foreground color of that
button and adding that button to our content pane.
At last we have defined the complete color background color of the window as white.
So that's how all about the update customer class.
Let's move on to our next customer next class, which is a delete customer class.
So this class is also defined inside the package cab booking system and we have imported the necessary
package.
After that we have defined the customer class, which is extending the frame.
It will contain a panel and a choice type of variable C one.
And inside the void main method, we have defined the public void and inside which we are creating the
current instance of the delete customer class and setting the visibility as true.
After that, what we are doing inside the public toilet customer are non parameterized constructor which
will throw a SQL exception if any occurs then we will setting the bound for the frame and the location
and sides of the frame.
Then there is a setting, the panel creating panel, setting the panel and layout as null.
After that, we are adding an image into our label one and setting the bound for that label and adding
that label to our frame.
After that, what we are doing is there is a label for the delete customer details, setting the font
type family and size for that label and adding that label to our content pane before setting its location
and size.
Then there is a label for the username.
We are setting its location and size and adding that to our label content pane.
After that we have defined a choice variable new choice and we have created the connection instance.
Now inside the type log, we will execute the query, select extra from customer and iterating over
that account table and we will add the names of the customer into our choice variable.
After that, we have closed the results at instance.
Then we have set the bound and location for the our choice instance and adding that to our frame.
Similarly, there is a label for the ID setting its location and size and adding that to our content
pane.
Then there is another label and setting a location and size for it and adding that to our content.
Similarly, there is a label for the number setting its bound and adding that to our content pane.
Then there is another label setting its bound location size and adding that to our content pane.
Then there is a label named as name setting its bounds, location, size, and adding that to our content.
And then there's another label setting its bound size and location and adding that to our content pane.
After that, there is a label.
General setting its bond, location, size and adding adding that to our content paint.
And then there is a level five, which is an A label which will store the values of gender setting bound,
local bound location size and adding that to our content.
Then there is a label country setting its bounds and adding that to our content pane.
After that, there is a new label setting bound.
And size and adding that to our content pane.
Then there is a label for the permanent address setting.
It's a respect to label for the to write the permanent address.
Then there is a phone number and it's respectable label.
Now there is a label for the email and is back to label for to write the email.
After that, there is a button check.
We have defined the action performed method over that button and define the connection instance.
After that, what we are doing is we have executing a query with the help of the results set instantiate
or execute query select from customer where username is equal to the get selected item.
And after that we are setting the text in our text field with respect to the details.
From the database.
After that, we are setting the bond for the.
But an end for background and formula of that button.
After that, what we are doing is adding that button to our content pane.
Then there is a button delete which will help us to delete the delete the records which is defined the
public void action performed and a connection class string as well is going to get selected item and
delete customer from the user.
From customer we have to delete the record from the customer as well as from the account.
So we will execute both the queries and show that customer detail deleted successfully and set the visibility
of the current window as false.
And we will call the new home class and no new home class as false and set the visibility of log in
classes through.
If an exception occurs, we will show the dialog box that presented a valid number.
Then we will set the location of the button for the background color.
Then there's the back button which will set the visibility of the current window as false.
And we have defined its bound location size for the background color and then that to our content pane.
Then we have defined the complete background color of the window as white.
So this is all about the delete customer class.
Let's have a look at the book tab, how we'll will be able to booking an interest in track type of cap.
So this is defined inside the cap booking system and we have imported the necessary Java packages.
After that, this class is extending the frame.
There is a G type table, table and resolution details, source estimation.
There is three buttons and two choices inside the main function.
We have defined its instance.
After that, inside we have defined its parameterized constructor heading as vocab and setting its content
pane or color white and exit on closed method.
Then there is a label as booking in transit cab is foreground color blue.
It's one type family and setting its size.
It's bound as to 80 comma to 27 and size sizes three 5931 adding that to our frame similarly to setting
the layout as null.
Similarly, there is for the sole setting its font size, location size and adding that to our frame.
Then a label for the destination, setting its font size type and adding that to our frame.
After that, there is a show button which will show the details, background color, foreground color
and setting its location and size and adding that to our frames and whether there is a new choice,
setting its location and adding that to our flame.
And similarly, for the second choice, adding that to our frame inside the block, what we are doing
is executing a query, select extra from the property and while it will iterate over that record inside
the event, we will store the source values inside the city will restore the destination values from
that table inside the database.
There is a label for the reference number settings form, family type and size and location and adding
that label to our frame.
Similarly, it's a vacant label and then there is a random value which will generate the random number
and add that number to a label 14 so that the first number will be generated randomly.
Then there's a label for the name and there is respect to the label for that name.
Then there is a label for the user name.
We are doing the same thing, setting the font size type and location for that and adding that to our
frame.
Similarly, no label for that username.
Then there is a label for the driver name back to the label.
Then there's a label for the price respect on the label.
Label for the car, its name route and the route name.
Then we have added the image, adding the image to the label, setting its size and location of that
label, and adding that to our frame.
After that, we have defined the action performed over the show button inside ACR and as RC and DSD,
we have stored the selected item from seven NC two, and we have defined our instance of the class and
inside the string.
SD We select a custom where username will match and from the STR.
Inside the str we are selecting the destination record in the intensity table.
We are destination will match.
We will be selecting results that is equal to seven points.
Execute STR two.
This will execute the query str two and in the label two, l four and six.
We will set the required details like driver price and car name.
When we execute the SDR, we will set the details in label time, like the name of the user and inside
the label eight we will be setting the CRC to destination type of string and inside the label 12, we
will set the user name.
After that.
What we are doing there is a button book cap.
So what this will do background color as black, foreground color as white and its bound size we should
setting its location and size.
After that we have defined X over that button, so we are storing the required details into our different
testing variables.
We will be executing the query delete from and app and we will be really deleting the previous details
before booking any new detail.
And it shows the message that came about successfully after that where there is a cancel button.
So for the cancel button we have defined the action for method, which will set the visibility of the
current window as false.
The size of the frame will be 60, comma 600 and location will be 500, comma, 20, 20 and said the
visibility of the current window has two.
So this is all about the three classes update customer, delete customer and lookup.
In next video we will be knowing about the more three classes of this project.
So that's all in this video.